ocean's 11 is a hits comedy film about
danny ocean
who wants to score the biggest hits in
history he combines an 11 member team
including frank cotton rusty ryan and
linus carnwell
the target the bellagio the marriage and
the mgm grant
all casinos owned by terry benedict is
not going to be easy as a plan to get
in secretly and out with 150 million
dollars
danian ocean a convicted thief is being
questioned by a parallel board about his
upcoming release from prison
and the chances of him breaking the law
again
when asked what he would do if released
from prison
he simply smiles without answering ocean
is released from his new jersey prison
and goes to an
atlantic city casino to meet with his
old friend
frank cotton bernie mark who works there
as a blackjack dealer
the two of them pretend not to know each
other and uses coded phrases to meet up
later somewhere
more private away from casino security
they talk about him and where to find
him
next he violates his pyro by traveling
to california to meet his partner in
crime
and friend rusty ryan to propose a heat
the two go to las vegas to pitch the
blind to a wealthy friend
and former casino owner ruben tishkov
the plan consists of simultaneously
robbing the bellagio
the marriage and the mgm ground casinos
reuben's familiarity with casino
security makes him very reluctant to get
involved
but when he starts to think of it as a
good way to get back at his rival
terry benedict who owns all three
casinos
ribbon agreed to finance the operation
danny and rusty recruit eight former
colleagues and criminal specialist
linus cartwell a young and talented
pickpocket
frank cotton a casino worker in content
a pair of gifted mechanics
livingston dell an electronics and
civilians expert
and bashar tar an explosive expert saw
blim
and elderly con man and the amazing yen
and accomplished acrobats
several team members carry out
reconnaissance at the bellagio to learn
as much as possible about the security
the routines the behaviors of the casino
staff and the building itself
other members create a precise replica
of the vault with which to practice
maneuvering through its formidable
security systems during this planning
phase the team discovers that dany's
ex-wife
tess is benedict's girlfriend rusty
urges danny to give up on the plan
believing dany incapable of sound
judgment
while chess is involved but then it
refuses
on the night of the fight and the plan
is put into motion
dany shows up at the bellagio purposely
to be seen by benedict
who as predicted locks him in a star
room with bruiser
a bouncer however bruises on danny's
payroll and allows him to access the
vent
system and join his team as they seize
the vault
coincident to the activities of their
other team members even around the
casino
rusty calls benedict on a cell phone
then he dropped in touch scoped earlier
and tells him that unless he lets them
have half of the money in the vault
they will blow it up bendix sees video
footage confirming rusty's claim
benedict compliance having his
bodyguards take the loaded duffel
bags to a waiting van driving by the
remote control
benedict has his man to follow the van
while he calls in the swat team to try
to
secure the vault the swat team's arrival
causes the shootout to set
off the explosives and incinerate the
remaining cash
after affirming the premises otherwise
is secure
the swat team collects their gear and
departs as benedict arrives to examine
the range vault himself his men stopped
the van and find the bags were only
loaded with flyers for prostitutes
benedict studies the video footage and
recognizes that the flooring involved on
the video lacks the bellagio logo
which has been added only recently to
the vault
it is shown that danny's team used their
protest vote to create fake footage to
form benedict
furthermore they themselves were the
swat team and used their gear back to
take all the money from the vote
right under benedict's nose benedict
goes to see that dany has seemingly been
locked up in the store room
throughout the heat and searched
innocent many crime
as ted watches vacc tv dany tricks
benedict into saying he would give up
tests in exchange for the money benefit
unsatisfied to danny's plan to get back
the money orders his men to escort dany
off the premises and inform the police
that he is violating his parole
by being in las vegas tess leaves
benedict and exits the hotel just in
time to see dany arrested
the rest of the team bask in the victory
in front of the fountains of the
bellagio
silently going their separate ways one
by one when dany is released after
saving time with peril violation he is
met
by rusty and tess the drive off closely
followed by benedict bodyguards